Docs: Migrate from Pendo (#9061)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/docs/migrate/pendo.mdx

---
title: Migrate from Pendo to PostHog
sidebar: Docs
showTitle: true
---

import MigrationWarning from "./_snippets/migration-warning.mdx"

<MigrationWarning />

Migrating data from Pendo is a two step process:

> 1. Exporting data via Pendo Data Sync
> 2. Converting Pendo data to the PostHog schema and capturing in PostHog

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Export data via Pendo Data Sync
2. Convert Pendo data to the PostHog schema and capture in PostHog
```

> ## Exporting data via Pendo Data Sync

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## 1. Export data via Pendo Data Sync
```

> Pendo Data Sync enables you to export data to a warehouse like S3, Azure, or Google Cloud. This does require their highest **Ultimate** tier of pricing. See [their docs](https://support.pendo.io/hc/en-us/articles/18214274061595-Overview-of-Pendo-Data-Sync) for details on how to set it up.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Pendo Data Sync enables you to export data to a warehouse like S3, Azure, or Google Cloud. This requires their highest **Ultimate** tier of pricing. See [their docs](https://support.pendo.io/hc/en-us/articles/18214274061595-Overview-of-Pendo-Data-Sync) for details on how to set it up.
```

This exports event, features, guides, Pages, and more in a `.avro` format which we can then convert and capture into PostHog.

> > **Want to make this guide better (and a $75 merch code)?** We're looking for sample Pendo data from their Data Sync or aggregations API to improve this guide. Email `ian@posthog.com` if you have access and are willing to share.

Reviewer: nice

> ## Converting and capturing event data

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## 2. Convert Pendo data to the PostHog schema and capture in PostHog
```

> The schema of Pendo's exported event data is similar to PostHog's schema, but it does require conversion to work with the rest of PostHog's data. You can see details on Pendo's schema in [their docs](https://support.pendo.io/hc/en-us/articles/14121317891355-Data-Sync-schema-definitions) and events and properties PostHog autocaptures in [our docs](/docs/product-analytics/autocapture#autocaptured-events).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The schema of Pendo's exported event data is similar to PostHog's schema, but it requires converting to work with the rest of PostHog's data. You can see details on Pendo's schema in [their docs](https://support.pendo.io/hc/en-us/articles/14121317891355-Data-Sync-schema-definitions) and events and properties PostHog autocaptures in [our docs](/docs/product-analytics/autocapture#autocaptured-events).
```
